what is up everybody give you here I
love craigslist for one reason i like to
go on there and fuck with people
occasionally i'll go on those missed
connections and just start typing random
shit to people like hey i met you at
starbucks you had a blue shirt on i
would love to meet you again i'll say
things back and just not be a dick but
i'll just like keep it going and like
make them feel good about themselves
which is kind of weird but I like to go
on and do specific things one of which
I'm going to pull up right now and read
to you I posted a craigslist ad and I
hope you enjoy it so this is the
headline looking for a woman for my
DeLorean okay now this is what I type
looking for a woman 18 to 69 years old
to travel 88 miles an hour my brand
spanking new DeLorean I needed to play
with my flux capacitor and rub it as we
travel back in time don't forget to use
mr. fusion for extra energy as it spews
from my exhaust pipe please reply if
you're my woman and in case you guys
don't know that's back to the future
reference I haven't gotten any responses
unfortunately I guess a to be successful
on craigslist you to post pictures of
your dick which I'm not gonna do but I
am really hoping i get a response to
that because if I do that's a probably a
good woman to marry if they know the
back to the future reference fuck yes I
am gonna know I'm probably not going to
beat him they're probably be like some
giant ogre who Google referenced
everything that I just typed up but
whatever if they send a picture of
boobies I'll look at it but anyways so
then that got me interested in what
other weird things on you or on
craigslist there are so i went on the
internet and I found a couple
interesting one ones first off is the
wu-tang clan had a posting and they put
looking for a summer intern job where
you can gain valuable experience that
can aid you in all your future career
endeavors have you thought about
interning for the wu-tang clan you need
to live in the Staten Island area and be
working for free so don't expect any
cream c.r.e.a.m I don't know what that
means that I'm not a rapper and a
regular intern job
we'll be getting coffee for some
arrogant muck in a Valentino suit but at
the wu-tang clan management office you
won't be going to starbucks but you
could be sent out to get Philly blunts
for the RCA or or a quan just make sure
you double check your work because
ghostface killah gets pretty perturbed
when there are mistakes on the TPS
reports so protect your neck and protect
the future and go apply to intern for
the whoo awesome absolutely awesome this
is just the brobible.com is the website
for this one that's awesome another one
I found was a leprechaun needed on 3 5
11 and they need a midget basically
because this Saturday March fifth is Ho
oaken's annual drunken debauchery st.
Patrick's Day celebration one party host
is looking to up the ante at this year's
festivities with an extra special wee
little person to emcee and grand marshal
the revelry the leprechaun will also
participate in Lucky Charms eating
contest skip flick silly goose each and
every time house of pain is played and
sampled a variety of poon at the party
the host also promises the little guy
will not be tossed check out the ad
below blah blah blah that is like I kind
of want to do that now it's actually the
fourth of July when I'm doing this right
now and I kind of want to kind of want
to buy a midget for the day all right I
got time for about one more and this one
is kind of weird but all right so the
titles daughter with CP and it's looking
for a man and it goes i'm posting this
on behalf of my daughter she's 19
high-functioning cerebral palsy for
those you don't know what that is it's a
muscle control disorder and blah blah
they go on to talk about that for a
little bit she's a pretty girl and at
Christmas this year her wish was to try
something she was afraid she'd never get
to do sex her specific fantasy is a
group gangbang encounter I understand
this is not at all your typical request
but you please be open minded this is a
hundred percent legal she's consenting
adult and blah blah blah that's kind of
weird i don't i don't know how i feel
about that i think it's kind of funny
but it's kind of weird but anyways I I
love craigslist there's some weird shit
on there if you get bored someday if
you're working go check out craigslist
and you will not be pissed off at what
you find it is weird but anyways guys
eyes you some of you know I did post a
video of someone else
when someone else's gameplay and I will
be doing that at least once a week
starting now so if you have a really
good gameplay on anything you want to
get some exposure to your channel feel
free to send it to me I'll give you all
the credit stuff like that and then I'll
do my normal game place but other than
that you guys videos wrapping up playing
some more conquest domination but I
appreciate it again you guys and have a
great fourth of July week